# Parlour-service-at-home
Glazmawomen’s offers doorstep salon services by experienced and certified professional Makeup Artist at pocket friendly price. Yes! you heard it right do Stay at your home or office and get Salon &amp; Beauty services in one click by professional and experienced Makeup Artist. Glazmawomen’s makeup artist &amp; beauty expert come at your doorstep to give you the perfect Hair, beauty and skin grooming services. "WE BRING COMPLETE SALON AT YOUR HOME/OFFICE NOW NO NEED TO WORRY FOR WAITING JUST BOOK OUR SERVICE AND RELAX. GLAZMA EXPERTS COMES TO YOU, ON YOUR SCHEDULE AND YOUR TIME AT YOUR PREFERRED LOCATION"  We are Expert in: -Full Body Wax -Bikini Wax -Full Body Scrub -Full Body Polishing -Facial &amp; Bleach -Pedicure &amp; Manicure -Beauty &amp; Makeup For any Occasion/Festival and many more...   Our professional equiped with Mask, gloves and sanities all items before use. Read More About us at www.glazmawomens.com  Glazmawomens.com is a brand by BHUMU Group Of Companies a News startup in Feb-2020. About Bhumu: B-Best, H-Honest, U-Unique, M-Modern, U-Update  "BHUMU in Process to make a easy lifestyle for our coming generation in personal and business both terms. Our strength is the right service and planning with smart and fast way." We are committed to the highest standards in whatever we do. Our quality benchmarks are amongst the best in the world, our ethical standards are high, we are responsive to the needs of our customers and believe in building long-term partnerships with them. We have carried out with distinction our social and environmental responsibilities.   For Appointment call : 9650719153 Visit: www.glazmawomens.com   
